## EP476: Introduction to Scientific Computing for Engineering Physics

# Group Project Presentations

**Due: Thursday, May 3, 1:00 PM**

Each group will make a final presentation about their software.  Each
presentation should discuss a breadth of topics described below.  Groups are
invited to expand on these topics, using these as a general guide, or to
provide their own interpretation for these topics, but the overall scope
should not be narrower than described here.

1. Describe the physical problem being modeled by the team, including:
   * sketches/images of the physical system
   * equations (including boundary conditions) that provide a mathematical
     model for that system
   * definition of variables
   * as appropriate, variations of the equations for different stages in your
     development (e.g. steady state vs transient)

2. Software description
   * difference equations being solved numerically, including matrix formulation
   * a block diagram that shows the relationship between functions
   * a description of important data structures
   * for each function 
     * a docstring
     * a conceptual description of tests: what cases did you test

3. Simulation results
   * show important examples of results generated by your software
   * discuss whether these results match your expectations

4. Community Review
   * How was the work divided among your team?
   * Discuss success of synchronous vs. asynchronous work
   * Examples of productive/constructive review in PR

5. Looking forward
   * Discuss how you might improve your software to achieve better results
   * Discuss how you might change your software for better readability and/or maintainability
   * Discuss how you might like to enhance your software to solve additional/different problems
   * If you could start over, how would you change the software development process for greater success?

Every member of the team should present, and should present a roughly equal
fraction of the total material.  You are free to allocate topics to team
members as you like.  Your presentation should be less than 30 minutes, but I
expect them to be at least 20 minutes or so, to cover all the above material.

## Rubric

Topics  |  Strong    |   Adequate  |    Fair   |  None
--------|------------|-------------|---------------------
Were all the topics covered? |    1.25 |  1  |   0.7   |   0
Were all team members engaged in the presentation?  | 1.25   |  1   | 0.7  | 0
Visual quality of presentation materials | 1.25 | 1 | 0.7 | 0
Oral presentation quality | 1.25 | 1 | 0.7 | 0

### Visual Quality
* All slides are clearly readable, including legends, axes and labels on
  graphics
* Graphics are logically arranged and support presentation
* Aesthetic style is supportive of presentation and not distracting

### Oral Presentation Quality
* clarity: volume & annunciation
* engagement: enthusiasm/energy and eye contact
* fluidity: familiar with topic and able to speak about it without hesitation
